Modern eDiscovery Solution
A complete solution for legal teams to respond to large document requests including subpoenas and FOIA. Web-based services allowing your team to collect your documents into a single source. Then organize, search, tag and review documents to determine relevance. During the review process, Redact sensitive data and keep confidential information private. When your team is ready to respond, easily produce Bates-numbered PDF documents.
Securely Collect Documents
Organize, Tag and Full-text Search
Review Documents & Collaborate
Produce Docs with Bates Numbers
What others are saying about Legalverse
"Legalverse was easy to sign up and made my job so easy. I want to quit and sell this for them."
"Legalverse had all the features I needed. It was very easy to use. I appreciated its simplicity, practical use, as well as the friendly customer service. I was able to work more efficiently to complete my projects. I highly recommend Legalverse for its intuitive design and attention to real user experience."
Features for 3x faster Discovery and Response
Multiple Document Formats
Upload and unify documents from multiple of sources including email.
Customize Bates Numbering
Options to customize bates numbering of relevant documents.
Streamline Collaboration
Enables you and your team members to work together to produce timely and accurate responses.
Detect Duplicate Documents
Automatically identifies duplicate documents saving time and resources.
Protect Against Viruses
Straight-forward security automatically eliminates viruses from uploaded documents.
Organize and Tag all Documents
Management of case documents with streamlined collaboration with team members.
Produce Bates-numbered PDFs
Once relevant documents determined, respond to document request by producing Bates-numbered PDFs.
Increase Accuracy
Streamlined management of documents reduces human errors.
Centralize your Documents
One copy of all the documents relating to a project makes collaborating easier.
For Legal Teams of All Sizes
Flexibity designed to support teams and cases from small to big.
Flexibility Workflows
Designed to embrace the unique approach each legal team operates.
Securely Share Documents
Securely with any entity including internal team members and external third-parties.
Powerful Search
All uploaded case documents are indexed to provide powerful search capabilities of all documents.
Enterprise Privacy & Security
Compliant with all privacy and security requirements from beginning to end.
Data Retention
Provide data retention allowing documents to be archived for future use at a lower cost.
Scale with Growth
Architected to provide solution with lower cost of ownership with no upfront costs.